rename containerchains to appchains (#100)
moondance-labs/tanssi-docs: builders/build/index.md

---
title: Build your Appchain

> description: Install the software to compile your Tanssi Appchain, configure your genesis state and core functionalities, test locally and get ready to deploy thru Tanssi.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Install the software to compile your Tanssi Appchain, configure your genesis state and core functionalities, test locally, and prepare to deploy through Tanssi.
```
